Document NameGenerationRetries feature gate (#45154)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/name-generation-retries.md

---
title: NameGenerationRetries
content_type: feature_gate

_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha 
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.30"

> removed: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Is this really a removed feature? I don't think it is.

---

> Create requests using generateName are retried automatically by the apiserver when the generated name conflicts with an existing resource name, up to a max limit of 7 retries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables retrying of object creation when the
{{< glossary_tooltip text="API server" term_id="kube-apiserver" >}}
is expected to generate a [name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names).
When this feature is enabled, requests using `generateName` are retried automatically in case the
control plane detects a name conflict with an existing object, up to a limit of 8 total attempts.
```
